1 We'd like to express our desire to establish business relations with you on the basis of equality, mutual benefit and the exchange of needed goods.
2 In order to extend our export business to your country, we wish to enter into direct business relations with you.
3 Our hope is to establish mutually beneficial trading relations between us.
4 We look forward to a further extension of pleasant business relation.
5 It's our hope to continue with considerable business dealing with you
6 We look forward to receiving your quotation very soon,
7 I hope you'll see from the reduction that we are really doing our utmost.
8 We hope to discuss business with you at your earliest convenience.
9 We wish to express our desire to trade with you in leather shoes.
10 We look forward to your early reply and trust that though our mutual cooperation we shall be able to conclude this transaction with you in the near future.
11 I hope we can do business together, and look forward to hearing from you soon.
12 I hope that we can cooperate happily.
13 I hope that we can continue our cooperation.
14 We sincerely hope that this transaction will turn out to the satisfaction of both parties.
15 We hope that this market trend will continue.
16 It is hoped that you would seriously take this matter into consideration and let us have your reply soon.
17 We hope that you will deal with our request earnestly.
18 We hope to receive your immediate answer.
19 We are looking forward to having your early reply to this matter.
20 We hope that this dispute can be settled through friendly negotiation without its being submitted for arbitration.
21 We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
22 Your early settlement of this case will be appreciated.
23 We hope that you can settle the claim as quickly as possible.
24 We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
25 We expect that you will offer us a lower price as soon as possible.
26 We hope that the matter can be brought to a satisfactory conclusion.
27 I do hope this undesirable incident will not stand in the way of our future business.

28 We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
29 I wish that this business will bring benefit to both of us.
30 We hope this incident will not bring any harm to our pleasant relations.

1、We'd like to express our desire to establish business realtions with  you  on the basis of equality, mutual benefit and the exchange of  needed goods.

equality(平等), mutual benefit（互利） the exchang of  needed goods.（互通有无） mutual(相互地)

我方希望能在平等、互利、互通有无的基础上与贵公司建立业务关系。

2、In order to extend our xeport business to your  country, we wish to enter  into direct business relations  with you.

extend（拓宽）        

为了能在贵国拓宽我方的出口业务，我们希望能与你们直接建立业务关系。

3、Our hope is to establish mutually beneficial trading relations  between us.

beneficial(有利的）

我们希望双方能建立互惠的贸易关系。

4、We look forward to a further extension of pleasant business relations

希望我们之间友好的业务关系能得到进一步发展。

5、It's our hope to continue with considerable business dealing with you

 considerable(大量的)    dealing(生意、业务)

我方希望能继续同贵方保持大量的业务往来。

6、We look forward to receiving you quotation very soon.

quotation(报价、报盘)

我方期待着尽快收到贵方的报价。

7、I hope you'll see from the reduction that we are really doing our utmost.

reduction (减价)    do one's utmost(尽最大的努力)

希望贵方能从这一降价中看出我方真的在尽最大的努力。

8、We hope to discuss business with you  at your earliest con-venience.

convenience(方便)

我方希望尽早与贵方洽谈业务。

9、We wish to express our desire to trade with you in leather shoes.

我方希望能与贵方达成皮鞋贸易关系。

10、We look forward to your early reply and trust that through our mutual cooperation we shall be able to conclude this transaction with you in the near future.

cooperate(合作)    conclude(完成)   transaction(交易)

我们盼望早日得到你方的答复，并相信通过相互合作，我们不久即可以达成这笔交易。

11、I hope we can do business together,and look forward to hearing form you soon.

希望我们有合作机会，并静候您的佳音。

12、I hope that we can cooperate happily.

希望我们合作愉快。

13、I hope that we can continue our  cooperation.

我希望我们能继续合作。

14、We sincerely hope that this transaction will turn out to the sat-isfaction of both parties.

turn out (结果是，原来是)

我们真诚的希望这次交易能使我们双方满意。

15、We hope that this market trend will continue.

我希望这种市场趋势能继续发展下去。
